Version 0.0.1, added Sigma function, allow user to calculate the sum using Sigma notation. Added test cases
1-4.  

Version 0.0.2, Sigma function now supports sin, cos and tan symbol. No custom variable name allowed anymore,
all variable name should be x. Added test case 5-9.  
   
Version 0.0.3, added interfaces Matrixable and CalculableMatrix, added classes Matrix and SimpleMatrix. See
javadoc for more informations.  
  
Version 0.0.4, removed CalculableMatrix interface, added factor(multiply the matrix by a numebr) method, powe
(raise the matrix to the power of n) method and det(determinant) method in Matrix class. Matrix class no
longer extends SimpleMatrix class, but instead, it implements the Matrixable interface.  

Version 0.0.5, Sigma function now supports abs symbol. Added SuperVector class and MathUtil class. Added
MathUtil tests, round method test 1-3, dist method test 1-2.  
 
Version 0.0.6, due to the accuracy loss by using double data type in calculations, I added a ExactMatrix
class. This class uses BigDecimal to do the calculations which has the highest accuracy, and it implements
Matrixable as well. Normally, when doing some ordinary calcualtoins, ExactMatrix class is not necessary. But
when accuracy it's matter, for example, when one wants the exact result after a long and complex calculation,
ExactMatrix class is necessary. Added ExactMatrix demo under MatrixDemo class. See javadoc for more
informations. Added invert method in Matrix, it's the same as saying power(-1).
   
Version 0.0.7, redo MathUtil.round() function. Added rref(Reduced Row Echelon Form), rank(The rank of the
matrix), multiplyRow(Multiply a row by a given factor) and multiplyCol(Multiply a column by a given factor)
in both Matrix and ExactMatrix.
   
Version 0.0.8, added randomMatrix() in both Matrix class and ExactMatrix class. Modified SuperVector class,
now a SuperVector can be constructed by a row matrix, and it can also convert to a row matrix. And matrix can
be constructed by SuperVector as well. Now Matrix and ExactMatrix can be converted to each other. Added
subMatrix function in both Matrix and ExactMatrix. Added Linear and Solution class, for solving linear
equations(Still in progress)
  
Version 0.0.9, move dist method to Linear class, added cross product, dot product and magnitude in Linear
class as well. Finished Linear class, but still need more tests.  

Version 0.1, finished most of the classes, rearrange the packages and added Calculus class for calculations
in calculus, such as derivative(implemented) and integral(Not implemented yet). Added more test cases and the
Calculus tests will be added on next update.